Over 2.2 million people lived in the city of Paris, and in 2016, around 45 million tourists visited the French capital.
To reach all these people with a message containing the Bible, special metropolitan public witnessing was set up in Paris in 2012.
Each month, 1,300 rivers witnesses preached with the help of mobile displays placed in 12 strategic locations.
These cards may be in place for up to 14 hours a day, 7 days a week.
Because they are highly visible and are in the right place at the right time, almost 3,000 publications in 27 languages are placed each month, and many Bible studies are started.
It's more difficult to meet people at home. Sometimes you need to code the end of the first door and then a second one inside.
In addition to the Parisians, there are lots of commuters coming every day to the capital to work, so these people are not available at their home.
Moreover, in Paris, they can be completely anonymous. They do not have to worry about their neighbors.
We are always here, we witness, and even at the doors are closed, we find another way to preach.
One thing that I particularly like about this form of witnessing is the questions that are on the posters.
Even if people don't come and help themselves from the cart, I say to myself, they still take the questions away with them.
These questions do have an impact on people. We feel they make them think by giving them food for thought.
There's a really interesting population. People are eager to learn more about the Bible, who want to have discussions, who are asking questions, and through the JW.org website, we can answer their questions.
I use videos a lot because people are very attracted by the beautiful images produced by the organisation, and they are really very surprised and they leave truly satisfied.
A new challenge for me was to use the new technology and, for example, the Why Study the Bible video.
So during this campaign, I had the opportunity to use this video for the first time to show it to someone who approached the cart.
So it's true that before we use the new tools, we need to prepare, especially for the videos.
People who stop at the stand really take the time to talk to us.
It is not like other forms of service where we have less time to spend with them.
I've had conversations that lasted 20 to 30 minutes, sharing several biblical scriptures.
And we feel these people are looking for and need to hear the comforting message of God's Word.
I think it's an activity that actually honors people, particularly in France, because they're given the freedom to choose.
They feel they have control over the situation.
When I go back to my congregation, often the brothers and sisters ask me if we were successful.
I always say yes, because we were there, we were obedient, and for sure we were seen by many people in the streets of Paris.
We do the cart witnessing until 8 p.m., and at 8 p.m., people are still outside.
These people, we do not find them at home, and here they quickly get a glimpse of the Bible's message, and they help themselves. So it works.
Many people tell us, we saw the cart in London, we saw it in New York, we saw it in Italy and Rome.
A person stopped recently, and I just heard him say in Italian, we have the same thing back home.
So this international aspect is for a Jehovah's Witness, what makes our organisation unique.
We are a true international family. Hearing other people say it, it's amazing.
I feel like I'm sharing in a unique programme that has never taken place before.
In fact, we follow the example of our brothers and sisters who do the same everywhere in the world, so I feel like I'm a small part of a big family.
Personally, I have known Jehovah now for six years, and I'm truly grateful to know that Jehovah himself thinks of everyone,
and I feel privileged to be able to carry this wonderful message to all those who still don't know him.